At Li Shi, we always value
the character and family values of our partners
Mr. Zhang,
you've truly opened my eyes
I've been friends with Mrs. Zhang for many years
Out of respect for her
I gave you this opportunity
Zhang Wen Xu,
you've disappointed me greatly
President Li
You...
If you want to continue, fine
But you must meet one of my demands
As long as someone in my family can do it
I will make sure it gets done
I want to bring Mrs. Zhang
to Li Shi Group
to complete this project
until it's finished
That won't do
She hasn't been out in years
She's definitely not capable
How do you know I'm not capable?
President Li,
looking forward to working with you
Alright
Li Shi Group welcomes Miss Jian
How did this happen?
Wen Xu, don't be angry
I don't know why this happened either
But Aunt was lying on the bed
in the Zhang family home
We've lost all face,
so many people, my mother
I know
We didn't expect
Aunt to end up there either
What can you do?
You're asked to do something
and you can do it well
But did you do it well?
What do you mean by something I can do well?
Who drugged her?
Let's not talk about that anymore
No, isn't it strange?
How could she suddenly change like that today?
Right
That damn fat woman
How did she find out about our plan?
If you want to know something, ask me
Talking behind my back, how can I answer you?